Refactor certificate documentation - bring your own key ring (#4903)
zowe/docs-site: docs/troubleshoot/known-issues-with-apiml.md

### Re-create the Zowe keystore

> Re-create the Zowe keystore by deleting it and re-creating it. For more information, see [Scenario 2: Importing a file-based PKCS12 certificate](../user-guide/certificates-configuration-scenarios.md#scenario-2-use-a-file-based-pkcs12-keystore-and-import-a-certificate-generated-by-another-ca).  The Zowe keystore directory is the value of the `KEYSTORE_DIRECTORY` variable in the `zowe.yaml` file that is used to launch Zowe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recreate the Zowe keystore by deleting it and recreating it. For more information, see [Scenario 2: Importing a file-based PKCS12 certificate](../user-guide/certificates-configuration-scenarios.md#scenario-2-use-a-file-based-pkcs12-keystore-and-import-a-certificate-generated-by-another-ca).  The Zowe keystore directory is the value of the `KEYSTORE_DIRECTORY` variable in the `zowe.yaml` file that is used to launch Zowe.
```
